>> Scott Moss: Okay, so we have,
our tools, our tool definitions,
everything looks good,
we'll see what happens.
Let me make sure I delete my history
cuz I think it's about to get weird.
[LAUGH] Whenever you got red
it's going to get weird.
Yeah, I didn't put messages.
Okay, there we go.
>> Scott Moss: There we go, okay,
so yeah, make me a meme image
from a random dad joke.
Cool, it's getting the dad joke,
even though I said make the meme first,
it went and got the dad joke first,
that's smart.
It's like I need the dad joke before I
generate the image, so it went and got it.
But I think it was really,
really good sign.
And it generated the image, and
now it's answering, it's gonna answer, and
then there it is, here you go.
Here's a meme image featuring a dad joke.
Why was it called the dark ages?
Because all of the knights.
Okay I feel this was gonna be bad.
[LAUGH] I feel this is going to be so bad.
Let me see.
My god, why was it called the Dark Ages?
Okay, this one's not that bad.
>> Speaker 2: It's not bad.
It almost even spelled it right.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
that's really good, actually.
Okay, I can't believe it
actually got the text.
I mean, what the hell is that?
That W, the two Hs.
It's struggling on the Hs but-
>> Speaker 2: Or it's artistic.
>> Scott Moss: Or maybe it's the font.
Okay, I'm actually shocked.
>> Jamie: That's pretty good.
>> Speaker 2: It's Gothic.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Jamie: Modern Gothic.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I kind of feel it
made it look like me in the middle too,
a little bit.
How did it know that?
It's kind of creepy, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: I mean, I like that it
did all the Hs consistently, at least.
>> Scott Moss: Right,
it did, yeah, okay, okay.
Excuse me, DALL·E, I still don't
think you're that good, but I get it.
Let's try something with Reddit.
[LAUGH] Let's to do something
with all three of them.
So I have Reddit, I have NBA stuff, I have
dad jokes, and I have image generation.
What can I do with all three of those?
>> Scott Moss: Find me a post on
Reddit that makes, no, no, no, no, no,
cuz this one's random.
Hold on, let me see.
What am I doing?
>> Speaker 2: Why are we
not asking the AI for this?
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] What am I doing?
I have three tools,
get all the posts from NBA Reddit,
generate an image with a diffusion model,
>> Scott Moss: And get a random dad joke.
Make me a prompt I can use
that uses all three of these.
Yeah, what are we doing?
Why do I have to think about anything?
Here we go.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: Now,
would you even need to have
told it about the tool?
Just say,
give me a prompt that uses all the tools.
>> Scott Moss: That's true,
it already knows about the tools.
I forgot i'm using the same
AI that generates the thing.
I'm not good enough, I'm not worthy.
Okay, let's workshop this one
cuz it doesn't know about NBA so
we have fake that.
No, no.
Okay, first, retrieve the latest
post from Reddit to gather
trending topics and discussions.
Then ,select a popular image
post related to the NBA.
That should be fine,
cuz they're all from the NBA.
Next, use that post as inspiration
to generate a meme image with
a diffusion model.
I don't have to say
with a diffusion model.
Incorporating a funny or clever twist.
Finally, add a random dad joke that
relates to basketball sports in general.
It's not gonna be able to do that.
Or it might-
>> Speaker 2: It'll just keep asking.
>> Scott Moss: It'll just keep
asking it until it finds one.
[LAUGH] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And then it [INAUDIBLE].
>> Scott Moss: All right.
I'm down.
[LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Okay,
it went and got a joke, I guess it's
satisfied with a joke that it has.
It's getting an image now.
What happened, what happened?
It tried to generate a bad image,
[LAUGH] I got moderated.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Reddit did that?
>> Scott Moss: My goodness,
that thing got moderated to hell.
Your prompt may contain text that is
not allowed by our safety system.
>> Speaker 2: We didn't log
the prompt it came up with.
>> Scott Moss: Well,
it might already be in the database.
>> Speaker 2: I bet.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, let's see.
I'm scared to look at it now.
I don't know if it's got moderated.
>> Jamie: Ja Morant, that's why.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] Ja Morant,
he's got guns.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: I mean, this looks fine.
[INAUDIBLE] I wonder,
if it's probably copywritten.
I wonder if it's copywritten,
I think that's why.
It's probably copyright with the NBA and
using celebrities names.
I think that's it, because-
>> Speaker 2: Or
maybe their jerseys number.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, yeah,
I think it's copywritten because, I mean,
he literally just did this last night.
Ja Morant just did this
360 layup last night.
So, that's funny.
>> Speaker 2: It's probably Will Smith,
honestly.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz it says
Will Smith in the snow.
>> Scott Moss: It does.
>> Speaker 2: Probably not Ja Morant.
It's probably Will Smith.
>> Scott Moss: How do you
find Will Smith in the snow?
Look for Fresh Prince.
My God,.
>> Speaker 2: That's pretty good, though.
>> Scott Moss: That is pretty good.
Okay, it did a good job.
It did a good job.
But this is the case for
having local diffusion models so
you don't get moderated to hell,
but yeah, okay.
What you say, Jamie?
>> Jamie: Did you just denied?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I just got denied,
yeah, absolutely, pooped on.
But, yeah, we have an agent, and
it works pretty good under
the constraints in which it belongs.
So I think that's really cool that
we could just AI all the way down,
do some cool stuff like that.